com/example/mad/CustomAdapter.java
 com.example.mad.CustomAdapter
 com.example.mad.CustomAdapter$1
 com.example.mad.CustomAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/mad/databinding/UserprofileBinding.java
 com.example.mad.databinding.UserprofileBinding
com/example/mad/databinding/ActivityAddStockBinding.java
 com.example.mad.databinding.ActivityAddStockBinding
com/example/mad/databinding/ActivityUpdateStockBinding.java
 com.example.mad.databinding.ActivityUpdateStockBinding
com/example/mad/UpdateQuantity.java
 com.example.mad.UpdateQuantity
 com.example.mad.UpdateQuantity$1
 com.example.mad.UpdateQuantity$2
com/example/mad/databinding/ListBinding.java
 com.example.mad.databinding.ListBinding
com/example/mad/databinding/ActivityUpdateQuantityBinding.java
 com.example.mad.databinding.ActivityUpdateQuantityBinding
com/example/mad/MyDatabaseHelper.java
 com.example.mad.MyDatabaseHelper
com/example/mad/placeholder/PlaceholderContent.java
 com.example.mad.placeholder.PlaceholderContent
 com.example.mad.placeholder.PlaceholderContent$PlaceholderItem
com/example/mad/databinding/EditBinding.java
 com.example.mad.databinding.EditBinding
com/example/mad/Home.java
 com.example.mad.Home
 com.example.mad.Home$1
com/example/mad/UpdateStock.java
 com.example.mad.UpdateStock
 com.example.mad.UpdateStock$1
 com.example.mad.UpdateStock$2
com/example/mad/databinding/DetailsBinding.java
 com.example.mad.databinding.DetailsBinding
com/example/mad/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.mad.BuildConfig
com/example/mad/databinding/Details1Binding.java
 com.example.mad.databinding.Details1Binding
com/example/mad/AddStock.java
 com.example.mad.AddStock
 com.example.mad.AddStock$1
 com.example.mad.AddStock$2
com/example/mad/databinding/List1Binding.java
 com.example.mad.databinding.List1Binding
com/example/mad/databinding/AddstockBinding.java
 com.example.mad.databinding.AddstockBinding
com/example/mad/MainActivity.java
 com.example.mad.MainActivity
 com.example.mad.MainActivity$1
com/example/mad/databinding/SplashBinding.java
 com.example.mad.databinding.SplashBinding
com/example/mad/databinding/ActivityDetailsStockBinding.java
 com.example.mad.databinding.ActivityDetailsStockBinding
com/example/mad/DetailsStock.java
 com.example.mad.DetailsStock
 com.example.mad.DetailsStock$1
 com.example.mad.DetailsStock$2
 com.example.mad.DetailsStock$3
 com.example.mad.DetailsStock$4
 com.example.mad.DetailsStock$5
 com.example.mad.DetailsStock$6
com/example/mad/databinding/MyRowBinding.java
 com.example.mad.databinding.MyRowBinding
com/example/mad/databinding/AddBinding.java
 com.example.mad.databinding.AddBinding
